---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome!"
date:   2019-06-21 13:00:09 +0200
categories: welcome
---

Hi there,
I am Max and thank you for your time checking out my new blog about code, data and open science. In this blogpost, I will give a brief overview about me and this blog's objective.

Who
====
I am [Maximilian Konzack](https://komax.github.io/), a computer scientist employed as a postdoctoral researcher at [iDiv, the German Centre for Integrative Biodiversity Research Halle-Jena-Leipzig](https://www.idiv.de/en.html). I am keen on many topics: I like programming and research the best when it's put into code. My interests include:
 * visual analytics
 * programming
 * algorithm engineering
 * visualization
 * open source
 * movement ecology
 * text mining
 * biodiversity
 * programming languages
 * tinkering with Raspberry Pis and microcontrollers.

Why
====
Why, yet another blog? Blogs allow people to share their knowledge and to pass it in an accessible and casual way to others. I think this is great and I love reading many, many blogs of others. I'd guess I'll post about my most favorite blogs in the near future.

Secondly, I want to report on some interesting stuff and insights which came along while working on the topics above in a rather casual writings.

What are the topics and what is the objective?
===
Cross-cutting topics revolving around computer science and means to gain knowledge from data and visual representations of data.

I will pinpoint the topics as this blog matures. They will appear pretty scattered in the beginning, but there will be always something about science, coding and data.



How and when?
===
I'll drop a post every other week, but those promises for blogs are probably the same as for adhering to New Year's resolutions.

I do my best to have at least a post within two weeks.


Thank you
===
This is it, my first post.

Feel free to subscribe to the RSS feed if you want to automatically get the latest posts.

  
If you want to get in contact, please drop me an email.
